China is actually looking more and more
like a big and rich country. So if you
if you look at its export share of GDP,
it's actually falling uh over time and
converging to the US and Europe, which
means that it's absorbing um more of its
own uh own goods. And I think that's
just a trend that it will continue. Um,
I think they just need to think about
whether I I still come back to this
model issue, right? Because does 80
cities in China, do 80 cities really all
need to do EVs, you know? Um, do they
all need to do uh uh solar panels
because it's a policy? So there is too
much competition because there's a lot
of resources to vote on one thing. So
rather than doing the same thing, they
can they can they should find how to do
complimentary things as well. Um so
there there are lots of things uh in the
economy that can still be adjusted to
address this problem. There seemed to be
a lot of focus on stimulating the
domestic demand in particular on
consumption side and actually just
several days after the national people's